PR for SRVLOGIC-715: Add a section for upgrading the OpenShift Serverless Logic Operator from 1.36.0 to 1.37.0 (#104497)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/serverless-logic-upgrade-1-37-redeploying-workflows-with-dev-profile.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
// * serverless-logic/serverless-logic-upgrading-operator-from-1-36-to-1-37

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="serverless-logic-upgrade-1-37-redeploying-workflows-with-dev-profile_{context}"]
= Redeploying workflows with the dev profile

[role="_abstract"]

> After upgrading the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to version 1.37.0, you must redeploy workflows that use the dev profile to complete the upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After upgrading the {ServerlessLogicOperatorName} to version 1.37.0, you must redeploy workflows that use the `dev` profile to complete the upgrade process.
```

.Procedure

> . Ensure that all required Kubernetes resources, including the `ConfigMap` with the `application.properties` field, are restored before redeploying the workflow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Ensure that all required Kubernetes resources are restored before redeploying the workflow. The resources also include the `ConfigMap` resource with the `application.properties` field.
```
